This file contains all the meta information regarding the columns described in the CSV files. we have provided 5 CSV files:
1. athletes
2. coaches
3. entries_gender
4. medals
5. teams

Column Description for Atheletes:
1. name: This column represents the name of the athelete.
2. noc:This column represents the country or nation where the athlete is representing.
3. discipline: This column represents the sport the athlete is taking part in the competition.


Column Description for Coaches:
1. name: This column represents the name of the coach.
2. noc:This column represents the country or nation where the coach is representing.
3. discipline: This column represents the sport the coach is taking part in the competition.
4. event: This column represents the event that the sport is registered under.

Column Description for Entries gender
1. Discipline:This column represents the sport that each gender participated in.
2. Female:This column represents the count of female participants in the specific discipline.
3. Male:This column represents the count of male participants in the specific discipline.
4. Total:this column represents the total count of both male & female participants in the specific discipline.

Column Description for Medals:
1. Rank:This column is just a raw number of the entry.
2. Team/NOC:This column represents the country or nation the medal was awarded to.
3. Gold:This column represents count of Gold medals awarded.
4. Silver:This column represents count of Silver medals awarded.
5. Bronze:This column represents count of Bronze medals awarded.
6. Total:This column represents the count of total medals awarded. 
7. Rank by Total:This column represents the rank for each country or nation by total count of medals awarded.

Column Description for Teams
1. Team name:This column represents the the Team Name
2. Discipline:This column represents the the sport the team is taking part in the competiton.
3. NOC:This column represents the country or nation the team is from taking part in the competition.
4. Event:This column represents the event that the sport is registered under.
 


